Updated README for the federate trace visualizer (#1735)
lf-lang/lingua-franca: util/tracing/visualization/README.md

# Trace sequence diagram visualiser
# Trace sequence diagram visualizer

> This is a 1st iteration of a prototyping tool for constructing a sequence diagram 

Reviewer: First sentence or paragraph should describe what `fedsd` _is_.

> To enable `fedsd`, `tracing` target property should be set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `fedsd`, you need to first obtain an execution trace. To do this, enable the tracing mechanism in your Lingua Franca program by setting the `tracing` target property to `true` and then compile and run the program.
```

# Installing

> `fedsd` is installed by calling `make install` under `lingua_franca/util/tracing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build `fedsd`, change directory to `./util/tracing` relative to the root of the `lingua-franca` repository  and run `make install`.
```

> This utility starts by transforming each `.lft` file into a `.csv` file, by

Reviewer: This text seems to be under the wrong heading.

internally running `trace_to_csv`. It then aggregates the data from all `.csv`
files to do the matching and draw the sequence diagram.

# Running

In case the federation is launched using the `bash` script under `bin`, an `.lft` trace

> file will be generated for each of the federates, in addition to `rti.lft`. This latter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file will be generated for each of the federates, in addition to `rti.lft`. The latter
```

contains the RTI trace.

> If, however, the federation is launched manually, then running the `RTI` should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, however, the federation is launched manually, then the `RTI` command should be passed the `-t` flag in order to make sure that it, too, has tracing enabled.
```

> enable tracing, by adding the option `-t`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
$ RTI -n <number_of_federates> -t
```

Once the federation stopped executiong, run `fedsd` on all generated `.lft` files:
```
$ fedsd *.lft
```

> The output is an html file named `trace_svg.html` that contains the sequence of interactions

Reviewer: Where is will the output be located?

# Trace sequence diagram visualizer

> `fedsd` is a utility tool that reports the interactions (exchanged messages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fedsd` is a utility that reports the interactions (exchanged messages)
```

between federates and the RTI in a sequence-diagram-like format.
To use `fedsd`, you need to first obtain an execution trace. To do this, enable
the tracing mechanism in your Lingua Franca program by setting the `tracing`
target property to `true` and then compile and run the program. During program
execution, a set of `.lft` files will be generated.

After program execution, `fedsd` is used to compile the tracing information into
a diagram. The tool first transforms each `.lft` file into a `.csv` file, by
internally running `trace_to_csv`. It then aggregates the data from all `.csv`
files and produces a diagram on the basis of it.

# Installing

To install `fedsd`, change directory to `lingua_franca/util/tracing` and run `make install`.

# Running

In case the federation is launched using the `bash` script under `bin`, an `.lft` trace
file will be generated for each of the federates, in addition to `rti.lft`. This latter
contains the RTI trace.
If, however, the federation is launched manually, then the `RTI` command should be passed
the `-t` flag in order to make sure that it, too, has tracing enabled.
```
$ RTI -n <number_of_federates> -t
```

> For convenience, the RTI and all federates should be launched from the same directory.

Reviewer: I'm unsure what you mean by this. Where are the `.lft` files written to?

Author: The `.lft` files are written to the directory from where you execute. To enable `fedsd *.lft`, all `.lft` files must be at the same location. Therefore, one needs to run each federate and the RTI from the same directory.

> For convenience, the RTI and all federates should be launched from the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is most convenient to launch the RTI and all federates from the same working directory so that they will all write their trace file to that directory.
```

> Once the federation stopped executing, run `fedsd` on all generated `.lft` files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, once the federation stopped executing, run `fedsd` on all generated `.lft` files:
```
